Release Notes for the Sowing package

1.1.26: June 23, 2019

 Added these release notes.
 This version is an update from 1.1.25.  The major updates are:
 doctext: Added an option to handled a single ". " command with the same
   formatting as a list created with :+ ... -". Also allow "- " to define
   a list of a single element.  This is to improve the formatting of manual
   pages. The argument -oldstylearg will tell doctext to use the approach
   from previous versions. With the new style of argument command, doctext
   will issue a warning message for argument lists of more than one argument
   that do not start with the "+" command.  The the -Wargdesc option,
   doctext will also warn about arguments that do not include a description;
   these should use a different formatting choice.
   doctext environment variables:
      DOCTEXT_VERBOSE if set to yes or true will turn on verbose output
      DOCTEXT_OLDSTYLEARG if set to yes or true will use the processing of
      the "+", ". ", and "-" commands from previous versions of doctext
 bfort: Added -o filename for the output filename. Use const to avoid CtoF
   transformations (const data can't be changed in the called routine). Improved
   error and warning messages. Better formatting for output interface files.
   Better support for converting from and to Fortran strings, with options
      -fstring      - Generate code to convert to/from Fortran character
                      strings. Only lightly tested so far
      -fnostring    - Do not generate interface files for routines with char*
                      arguments
      -fstring-asis - Close to the behavior in previous versions - just
                      pass the pointer to the string from Fortran to the
                      C routine.  This is usually incorrect, however.
   The environment variable BFORT_STRINGHANDLING can be set to IGNORE to
   get the effect of -fstring-asis.
 bfort tests: There is a new and cleaner set of tests in testing2 ; this
   is intended to become the new test set in the next release or so.
 bfort2: New version of bfort that uses two passes to improve the readability
   of the generated interfaces.  Build with make BFORTVERSION=new ; test in
   bfort/testing2 with make BFORTVERSION=new testing . This version will
   eventually replace bfort.
 configure: Added an update to the enable-strict rules, using more recent
   autoconf macros from MPICH.  Added C++ to the strict rules
 make dist: Changed the make dist rules to explicitly select files, rather
   than taking the current svn commited files (which led to the distributions
   using different files in confdb than in the version used for development)
   general code: Mostly clean compile with --enable-strict, except for tr.c ,
   which is the memory allocator.
 misc: Some cleanup of files, particularly space squashes. Preparations to
   move from svn to git.

1.1.25: September 27, 2016
 bfort: partial update to remove support for non-ANSI-C prototypes, and a
   partial add of support for transforming between C and Fortran character
   strings
 Misc: other changes and cleanup